Fix: fix with_head_tags fun stability in the bookmarking case (#389)
Appsilon/rhino: vignettes/how-to/enable-shiny-bookmarking.Rmd

```

If you are using a [legacy entrypoint](https://appsilon.github.io/rhino/reference/app.html#legacy-entrypoint),

> be sure to make your UI a function with `request` parameter that has nothing
> declared
> (as described in the details section of `shiny::enableBookmarking()`).

Reviewer: 1. How about this wording?
2. An example goes a long way.

````suggestion
be sure to make your UI a function 
as described in the details section of `shiny::enableBookmarking()`.
It should take `request` as a parameter,
though it shouldn't be used in any way in the function body.

For example, with `legacy_entrypoint: source` in `rhino.yml` you might use:
```r
ui <- function(request) {
  bootstrapPage(
    bookmarkButton(),
    textField("text", "Text")
  )
}
```
````
